Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hi.
Hi. I'm Ani.
No?
You waiting for someone else?
All right. Are you sure?
Okay.
Hello. Hi.
-How are you?
-Hello.
-Hi. I'm Ani.
-Pleased to meet you.
-Very nice to meet you.
-Yes.
-How you doing?
-I'm doing well.
-Yeah?
-Thank you. Oh. quite lovely.
You can sit right there. okay?
Okay.
Do you still talk
to your family?
-Do they know you do this?
-Mm-hmm.
-They do? They're okay with it?
-Yeah.
I'd be okay.
Does your family know
you're here?
-I hope not.
-Yeah?
-Hi. I'm Ani.
-Nice to meet you. Ani.
-Nice to meet you.
-I'm Ricky.
-Ricky?
-Yeah.
Hi. Nice to meet you.
I'll just sit
right next to you right here.
-Oh. yeah.
-Very cozy. right?
Pretty serious.
-Yeah.
-A lot of work. but. you know.
-that's why I'm here.
-You're a hard worker?
Chill out and come here.
you know?
Yeah. well. we could go
chill out in a private room.
All right. lucky number six.
That's my number.
Thank you. Oh.
Yeah.
-Ani?
-Yeah.
When Robert was here
the other night.
did he ask you for a dance?
Yeah.
And you danced with him?
Okay.
-Okay.
Bitch.
-Yeah!
-Whoo!
He was really weird.
Super weird.
-Like. serial killer weird?
-Like. he would rub...
Yeah. like. he was like
Indian Jeffrey Dahmer.
and he kept. like.
-rubbing my leg...
-Oh. no.
...in a circle like that.
What is that?
Is that a butterfly?
-Yeah. it's a butterfly.
-You're so classy.
I know.
I got dollar signs
like a real ho.
No. but you're manifesting
with those.
He said I looked like
his 18-year-old daughter.
And then he bought
five dances from me.
That's fucking disgusting.
Well. at least
he bought the dances.
Yeah.
-You can touch me. It's okay.
-Yeah?
I'll build you a belt.
Yeah. make me a belt.
A money belt?
You don't have cash?
Let's go to the ATM.
You want to go
to the ATM right now?
-Well. I can't spend too much.
-Yeah. okay.
-Let's go to the ATM.
-Great.
Let's go get you some cash.
Seriously. he came out
of the bathroom one time.
and he didn't zip up
his fucking pants.
It's like. if you can't zip up
your fucking pants
after you take a piss.
I don't trust you
with the music.
Dude. he's 40.
He's literally geriatric.
-No. I know. It's like...
-Ani.
I got a kid who wants someone
who speaks Russian.
You know. Jimmy. the girls
and I have been talking.
and if your cousin doesn't
start showing us some respect.
we're not gonna tip out
anymore.
-All right. I'll talk to him.
-Yeah.
Who are you talking about.
the DJ?
-All right. seriously?
-He's an asshole.
I shared my playlist with him.
and he was very rude
and dismissive.
You're killing me.
Let's go. Come on.
No. No. I'm eating my food.
That's why you have Tupperware.
-To keep things fresh.
-She's eating.
He's a spender.
-Come on. Let's go.
-Come on. What the fuck.
Time is money. baby.
Get a roll on it.
Without pants. without nothing.
And then some...
-Hey. guys.
-Then... One second. bro.
Guys. Guys. Hello.
-This is the beautiful Ani.
-Wow.
-Hi.
-She's gonna take care of
-everything you need tonight.
-Ani.
Ani. make me proud.
Yeah. I'm... Yeah.
Um. I'm. uh. uh. Ivan. and...
-Vanya. Okay.
-Yeah.
Nice to meet you. Vanya.
Uh. fucking best friend. Tom.
-Hi. I'm Ani.
-What's up?
You're not bad. Uh. and. uh...
Mm. No. I don't speak Russian.
but I know Russian.
I can speak Russian.
I just prefer not to.
but you can go ahead
and speak Russian.
I'll understand.
Uh. I not understand.
What the fuck?
Um...
-Okay.
-Yeah.
No. it's...
My Russian is terrible.
I can't even roll my R's.
No. no. you-you are not bad.
really.
You are not bad in Russian.
Your Russian is great. great.
-Really? Okay.
-Yeah.
Well. I disagree.
but thank you.
Yeah. And. uh.
how do you know Russian?
My grandmother never
learned English. so...
Ah. Uh-huh.
-Yeah.
-But enough about me.
You two are from Russia?
Yeah. I'm from Russia.
uh. but he lives here.
Yeah.
Mm.
Oh. so you're on vacation or...
Mm. yeah. vacation.
I guess you can say that. Yeah.
But I'm speaking. uh...
-Yeah? Yeah.
-Oh. yeah. Whatever you want.
Yeah. because my English
sounds terrible.
-At all. yeah.
-No. no. no.
-Your English is really good.
-Yeah.
Yeah. And you want to go
to VIP. maybe?
Yeah. excellent. I want.
Oh.
Yeah. it's a cool place.
And the room I'm bringing
you to is really nice.
Mm-hmm.
-Wow. Mm.
-Right in there.
-Mm.
-You're very good. really.
And one more. Yeah.
Thank you.
Where are you going?
No. I'm not going anywhere.
Can you sit on your hands
for me?
-What?
-Sit on your hands.
-Hands under your legs.
-Like...
Mm-hmm.
God bless America.
Um...
Give me your phone.
Uh...
Yo.
Yo. Yo. Did you pick up milk?
Do you see milk in the fridge?
No.
Then I didn't pick up
the fucking milk.
Wonderful.
Thank you.
Hi. Uh. I'm here
for Mr. Zakharov.
-Ivan?
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Hi. Hello. What's up?
-Uh...
-Hi.
Come in. Come in. please.
Mm. so welcome
to my humble abode.
Uh...
-Hugs.
-Oh. yes.
Hugs.
I can help you.
-Mm.
-Oh. Thank you.
Ooh. you-you look beautiful.
-Awesome.
-Aw. Thank you.
Uh. yeah.
I'll-I'll take a water.
-Water? Are you sure?
-Mm-hmm.
You can take everything
you want.
Vodka. tequila. whiskey.
whiskey cola.
Coca-Cola. maybe?
No. a water's good.
-Yeah. thank you.
-Uh-huh.
Suit yourself. Ani.
Uh. sparkling or flat water?
Um. either is good.
Oh...
Wow.
Not too shabby.
What is "shabby"?
Oh. I'm-I'm just playing.
I meant
your home is-is beautiful.
My home is okay. girl.
Um. sparkling.
Thank you.
Bedroom's upstairs. Let's go.
Okay.
Oh. sorry.
I am waiting for you.
Oh.
I'll hurry up.
They didn't make my bed yet.
Whoa.
Nice view.
My view's better.
Okay.
So. what are you looking for?
Um. sex.
Yeah. I know.
I mean. like. anything special?
Yeah. special sex.
-Special sex.
-Mm-hmm.
Okay.
So. like. a little bit
of everything?
A little bit of...
You want to take
your clothes off?
Yeah.
Wow. Okay.
-You want to put this on?
-Hmm?
Or do you want me
to put it on for you?
-Faster.
-Mm-hmm.
Faster. faster.
-Faster. Faster. Faster.
-Mm-hmm.
-Stop. Stop. Stop.
-Okay.
-So you want me to stop?
-Stop. stop. stop!
-I said...
-Okay.
Ah. Want you?
Oh. uh. sure.
S-S-S-Sure.
But be careful
with that shit. yeah?
Careful. Ah.
And that's for you.
Tip.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
That's very generous of you.
And I want to say
one more thing.
Yes.
It was really amazing.
Oh. oh. oh.
I love these guys.
You know them?
No.
Oh. You must know them.
So. um. how old are you?
Twenty-one.
How old are you?
Mm. older than you.
No. I'm-I'm 23.
Oh. wow.
Okay.
You're funny.
Yeah. I know.
So. funny? Why?
I don't know.
You're just... you're. like...
You're funny. It's...
Funny cool. right?
-Yeah. of course.
-Yeah.
Really funny cool.
And if you don't
mind me asking.
like. what do you do
to get all of this?
What do you think I do?
Well. what do you think
I think you do?
Oh. fucking English.
Mm. Okay. I can say.
but it's. uh...
it's really big secret.
Okay.
I'm really big drug dealer.
Oh. really?
Why you trust...?
No.
But I'm really big gun dealer.
Mm. Okay.
Come on.
Oh. my God.
Wait. so. like. you made
some app or something?
-Is that...
-Yeah. Yeah. I-I made.
No. but no. no. I... No.
Okay.
My father...
Yeah?
-Whoa.
-Sorry.
I don't know who that is.
Google him.
-Google?
-Yeah.
Um... wait.
what's his name again?
Nikolai Zakharov.
I-I can spell it for you.
N-I-K-O-lai...
No. I-I got it.
-Yeah?
-Thank you.
Yeah. let me see.
"Children."
Yeah. Vanya Zakharov.
It's me.
Oh. shit.
"Oh. shit."
No. No way.
-Yes fucking way.
-Bro.
And I'm seeing him again
tonight. so...
Crazy.
I guess he had fun
or something.
Yeah. we all know
what fun you are. babe.
Uh. you want to mind
your fucking business?
You're making it
our fucking business.
-Calm down. Diamond.
-Chatty bitch.
Gross.
Ginger cunt.
Yeah.
Oh!
Oh.
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
Oh. that was crazy.
Okay.
New Year's party.
It's going to be banging.
I might have to work
that night.
Oh. no.
You might not work that night.
-Can I bring someone?
-No.
Uh. if it is a boy. no.
I don't want a sausage party.
No. she's not.
Okay. See you here.
What?
You know. you paid for an hour.
and there's still
like 45 minutes left.
if you want to go again.
No fucking way.
Yes fucking way.
-I fucking told you.
-Girl.
-Right? I know.
-Girl!
And it's fucking insane inside.
-There's an elevator.
-Oh. my God.
-Fucking elevator.
-Wait.
-Never seen anything like it.
-Are my tits off?
No. your tits look amazing.
-Okay.
-They look perfect.
-Wait. are my tits off?
-No.
-Bro.
I know. I told you.
Didn't I tell you?
-Girl.
-It's crazy.
and upstairs is
even more beautiful.
Yo. yo. yo. What's up? Hi.
-Hi.
-Yeah.
Oh.
Oh. uh. Lulu. this is Ivan.
Yes. uh. this is Lulu.
Uh. I am so excited
that you are here.
and let's go drink.
-Yes? Yeah. go. go. go. go. go.
-Yeah.
-Want to get some drinks?
-Hell yeah.
Are you ready?
And. Ani. your mouth here.
From the titty.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Get down.
This is not jungle gym.
Seventeen! Sixteen! Fifteen!
-Yeah!
-Fourteen! Thirteen!
Twelve! Eleven! Ten!
Nine! Eight! Seven! Six!
Five! Four! Three!
Two! One!
Ani. Ani. Ani.
let's go. go. go. go.
Yeah. yeah.
Fireworks after!
Your. uh. looks great.
-Yeah.
-Thank you.
Mm.
You were right.
-Huh?
-You were right.
This is bangin'.
-Ah. yeah?
-Yeah.
Having fun?
Yes. Are you?
Yeah. yeah. Do exactly that.
Uh... maybe.
-Well. it's New Year's.
-Ah.
I have holiday rates.
Ah.
Yeah?
-All good?
-All great.
Yeah.
Oh. fuck.
Good morning.
No. No. dude. not good morning.
It is 5:00 p.m.
Yeah. don't go. Don't go yet.
No. dude.
I-I have to go to work.
I have shit to do. okay?
But text me if you want
to see me again. Yeah?
What? No.
Uh...
I have one question.
-You have a question?
-Yeah. man.
Okay. One minute.
One minute. one question.
-Mm...
-Yeah?
Like. how exclusive?
I don't know.
We can hang out with my boys.
My horny girlfriend
for the week.
Oh. What about...
ten K of dollars?
Fifteen.
Cash. up front.
Deal.
You know.
I would've done it for ten.
Damn.
She's fucking hot. man.
Yeah. baby.
-Who's the birthday boy?
-This guy right here.
Happy birthday.
Thank y'all for coming in.
Y'all come back.
-Y'all come see us soon.
-Bye!
Come with me.
Go ahead. Tell him.
Okay. Thank you.
Tell him.
because I don't want to.
-I am gonna fucking tell him.
-What's going on?
-You don't even want to know.
-Hi. Jimmy.
You don't want to fucking know.
Jimmy.
-How are you doing?
-She wants a week off.
I thought you wanted me
to tell him.
You see the shit
that I have to deal with?
I just made the schedule.
-Now she wants to pull
this bullshit. -Oh.
The schedule.
We just gave you New Year's.
Oh. Jesus Christ. Jimmy.
once you give me
health insurance.
workers' comp
and a fucking 401.
then you can tell me
when I work and not work.
Well. none of that's
gonna happen. so...
-Shocker.
-Bye.
I'll be back on Tuesday.
Today is Tuesday.
Correct.
-That's a week.
-No shit.
Thank you.
-You like that?
-No.
You know. Ani. it's the
champagne glass of my mother.
Of my fucking mother.
And it will be
your champagne glass.
And what we are cheering for?
About my new girlfriend.
-Hell yeah. To Ani.
-Yeah.
Yeah.
-One more. One more.
-Okay.
Instantly. Instantly.
Mm-hmm.
It was really funny when.
uh. Klara smoked last time.
My mother. uh. caught her
in the cryo chamber.
-You have a cryo chamber?
-Yeah.
Oh. shit.
Yeah. but I'm not allowed
to drive them
because my parents are dicks.
-What's up?
-How are you?
-I'm good.
-Yeah. what's up. man?
-What's up. Ivan?
-Welcome.
You guys can just. like.
eat whatever the fuck you want.
We got ice cream.
There's. like.
whatever the fuck these are.
There's Ring Pops.
Like. literally.
I just fuck around in here.
The boss is old as fuck.
and he's. like. blind and deaf.
He can't even fucking
hear us right now.
Helen Keller-ass bitch. like...
-Just fucking go crazy.
-Okay.
-Yep. yep. yep.
-Up.
Want? Oh. yeah. man.
finish it up.
Bitch. don't die on the job.
You okay?
How many times you guys
have to be told not...
no smoking dope in here?
But we're addicted
to the reefer. Billy.
Come on. man.
We're gonna take our break.
Ten minutes. man.
Ani!
-What the fuck?
-Oh. shit.
-No. come back.
-Whoa.
-No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
-Come back.
-What are you doing?
-It's fucking cold.
-What the fuck?
-What are you doing?
-Come back.
Can you say hi to my Instagram?
Ani.
Hmm?
Are you happy?
Yes. Very happy.
Yeah. I'm always happy.
No. it's really good lines.
but ladies first.
Ladies first.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. that's...
Can you...
Vegas. It's a great idea.
We are going to fucking Vegas.
Welcome to Vegas!
We're in Vegas. bitch!
-Ah.
-Welcome back. Mr. Zakharov.
Your suite is almost ready.
We didn't know you were coming.
-and the suite was occupied...
-Uh-huh.
...but they're out.
and housekeeping
should be done any minute.
What the fuck. man?
Are you fucking kidding me?
You mean I have to wait?
You mean we have to wait
right now. bro. yes?
-Yes? -Tell him.
tell him. tell him. Ivan.
-Yeah. go off. Vanya.
-Come on. Come on.
I am fucking with you. dude.
We will stay here.
-It's nice to come back.
-Very good.
Let's go apeshit
on this fucking casino.
Have a great time.
What the fuck
are you waiting for?
Yeah! Oh!
Can somebody turn on music?
-Can... Tom. Tom.
-Turn on the music!
I got it. I got it.
Try this. try this. try this.
Vanya! I want this one!
-No. no. no. No. No. no. no.
-This one's mine!
-Vanya!
-Go away from my room!
You claim this room.
I claim your sister.
I claim your mom.
If you are ready now.
yeah. we can...
-You ready now?
-Okay. yes. I'm ready now.
You want me to...
Let's play blackjack. for sure.
"We are going in. all in."
-Yeah? Okay.
-Yeah. say it.
-We are going all in.
-Motherfucker.
Twenty-two. all in.
Whatever. Whatever. guys.
-How much money is that?
-What...
But do it with a double dose
because we're gonna go
even harder tonight.
Okay?
Tom. give me a cigarette.
-Oh.
-One cigarette.
You know? Fuck you.
They fucking do this every day.
I am really happy
that we are here.
-and. uh... I don't know.
-Thank you.
Fuck. You're the best. guys.
You are the fucking best.
Vanya. Vanya.
Vanya.
-Vanya. wait. wait. wait.
-What happened?
Well. you know.
it could last longer
and be better
if you just take it easy.
Like. how?
Here. Let me do it.
Ah.
Mm-hmm.
Oh. I think I love you.
Fuck.
I hope you had fun this week.
I hope you had fun
this week.
Oh. I did.
You know. we should
do it again sometime.
Yeah.
For sure.
Mm. but...
I have to go back to Russia
because I promised my father
that I would start working
in his fucking company.
Oh.
Okay. so that's why
you've been splashing out. hmm?
Eh. no. I am always
partying like this.
Mm.
I love it.
Well. I'm gonna miss you.
-What?
Does that. like. sound weird?
No. no.
And will you miss me
or my money blyat?
Or your money blyat.
-Of course.
-Yeah. I like it.
But. mm. if I get married
to an American.
I wouldn't have to go back
to Russia.
-Oh. yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay.
So. who would you marry?
I don't know.
Maybe Crystal.
Or your friend Lulu.
She's so hot.
You.
"You."
It's Vegas.
It's fucking Vegas.
Don't people get married
in Vegas?
Mm... Don't fuck around.
I am not fucking around.
Okay.
Okay. go.
-Go get married.
-Yes.
Yes. let's get married.
Fuck. You asshole.
-Why?
-Don't.
Like. don't fucking tease me
with that shit. okay?
-Stop.
-It ain't cool.
Stop. stop. stop.
-Ani.
-Yeah?
Will you marry me?
-Seriously?
-Seriously.
Mm-hmm.
So you want to get married
to me. Vanya?
You want me to be
your little wifey?
Yeah?
Yes.
I just think that we had
great time together. and. uh...
And I will become American.
and my parents
will suck my dick.
Are you serious?
I am serious.
And I said it twicely.
Three carats.
What about four or five?
Or six?
Do you promise to love. honor
and cherish her
all the days of your life?
I do.
And do you. Anora. take this
handsome gentleman
standing before you
to be your best friend.
your protector. your husband?
Do you promise to love.
honor and cherish him
all the days of your life?
-Say yes.
-Oh. fuck yeah. I do.
It is now my great honor
to now pronounce you
as husband and wife.
You may seal your promises
with a kiss!
My wife!
-It's my wife. man.
-We got married!
It's my wife. She can do it.
It's my wife. man.
Yeah. we got married
five minutes ago. man.
You're an American. Vanya.
-I'm fucking American!
-We're fucking married!
I am American. bitch!
So. this is for real?
Yeah. it's for real.
-What do you mean?
-'Cause if it is.
I got to stop letting
the high rollers in.
They're stealing my best girls.
Come here.
You're so lucky.
Oh. my God. I know. Thank you.
Yay!
You hit the lotto. bitch.
Aw. Oh. my God.
Are you gonna cry?
Stop. You don't...
You'll come over
for dinner. right?
You know. I've been thinking
about our honeymoon.
and I think we should do it
at Disney World
because that's been.
like. my dream
-since I've been a little girl.
-Stop.
Yeah. You know those suites
where it's. like.
the Disney Princess theme?
-Cinderella.
-Yes. fucking Cinderella.
You know me
so fucking well. babe.
Bye. Ani.
You better visit us. bitch.
Oh. of course I will. Jenny.
-Bye. babe.
-Caught your whale?
Seems I did. didn't I?
I give it two weeks. bitch.
Oh. Diamond. Oh. sweetie.
You know. I really hope you
find your happiness one day.
-I really hope...
-I hope you find
a fucking plastic surgeon.
-What the fuck?!
-Okay. Ani. Ani. come on.
Play in my fucking face again.
bitch.
See what happens.
-You're a fucking bitch.
-Oh. stay jealous. babe.
Stay jealous. honey.
Jealousy is a disease.
Remember that. Diamond.
I'm just gonna go chill
in my mansion or whatever.
You know. no big deal.
Hey.
Garnik. Garnik.
Now?
-Yes.
-Now?
Die. die. die.
Yeah.
Come on.
-Vanya.
-Hmm?
What did. uh... what did
they say when you told them?
I don't want really
talk about them.
Well. you did tell them. right?
Mm. Sure.
I mean...
Uh. whatever. Mm.
You know...
Mm...
What?
Are you making fun of me?
I'm trying here. asshole.
Oh. okay.
-You're a liar.
-No. no. no.
Not now. Ani. not now.
-Okay.
Hey. Is Ivan at the house?
I don't know.
He hasn't left
since I've been here.
but I just started my shift.
Do you know if he got married?
Married?
I have no idea.
I just got here.
Okay. open the gate.
-Expecting guests?
-No way.
Oh.
Who was that?
They're my father's monkeys.
What the fuck?
Vanya. what the fuck?
Vanya. should I call 911?
It's okay. It's okay.
What?
Vanya. what the fuck
is going on?
Okay.
Uh. where is
the marriage paper?
-Uh. marriage...
-The marriage license?
-License. yeah.
-It's. um...
It's in the desk
in the office. Why?
-Okay. Uh...
-Should I go with you?
Uh. no. no. no. Stay here.
Hi.
I'm Igor.
You?
Ani.
I'm Vanya's wife.
Congratulations.
No.
What the fuck is going on here?
I have no idea.
-Is everything okay?
-Yeah. it's okay.
Yeah? What the fuck
is going on?
Yeah. just time
to say goodbye to guys.
Sorry.
So sorry.
I'm so sorry. Excuse me.
Ivan...
"Stand by."
..."Stand by"?
He texted. "Stand by."
so we stand by.
So stand by outside
my mansion. motherfuckers.
Yeah.
Okay. look. look.
You work for Ivan's family.
so I'm assuming that means
you work for him. right?
So if he's telling you
to take it outside.
fucking take it outside.
Fucking take it outside!
Listen to my wife.
Real talk!
-Are you kidding me?
-Everybody. so sorry.
I have to go.
I have an emergency.
Sorry about that.
Hello. Toros.
Put me on the fucking speaker
so this hooker
can hear me. too.
He just called me a hooker?
She's fucking erotic dancer.
Hi. Toros.
What did you do. Ivan?
What did you do?
I'm not a fucking prostitute.
you fucking piece of shit.
Yeah. fucking Armenian
piece of shit.
You Armenian piece of shit!
Toros.
Toros!
Your mother.
she never cry in her life.
She was crying on the phone.
-Toros!
-Shame on you!
-Fuck you! Blyat!
-Ivan.
Vanya.
what the fuck is going on?
Ivan. what the fuck?
What does that mean?
Do you understand?
Game over for you. That's it.
Vanya. we are married.
They're gonna
have to accept that.
-Yeah. I know!
-Yes.
Accept that?
That's funny. Sure. yeah.
Your mother is a fucking...
-Who the fuck is this guy?
-Hey! I'm gonna be there
in ten minutes. you hear me?
In ten minutes. both of you
are coming with me
down to the city hall.
We're gonna annul
this marriage.
Do you hear me? This marriage
is gonna be annulled!
Oh. I am not going
fucking anywhere.
We are not getting a divorce
because you tell us to!
Go fuck yourself!
You go fuck yourself.
How about that?
Me go fuck myself?
Me fuck myself?
You go fuck yourself and your
fucking mother. motherfucker!
Shut the fuck up!
You don't even know
who the fuck I am.
Stop. stop. stop. stop. stop.
Toros. Toros. uh...
Yes. yes. Are you deaf?
They are leaving Russia
in an hour.
Tomorrow. noon. we're gonna
go meet them. you hear me?
-What the fuck is going on?
-Come on.
-Come on?
-Come on. come on. come on.
Why do we have to leave
the house?
They can't just fucking
come in here like that.
Excuse me. Get the fuck away
from me. please.
Garnik.
shut that bitch up. please.
-Where are we going. Ivan?
-Ivan. Ivan...
I don't know where
are we going. but we are going.
Where is he going?
Why do we have to leave.
and why are they staying?
-Ivan...
-That doesn't make any sense.
Ivan. where are you going?
We should call the fucking
police or something.
-Vanya.
-Garnik!
Did he say he's leaving?
-Ivan! We...
-Let's go. let's go. let's go!
Okay!
I need to get dressed. though!
My fucking clothes
are upstairs. Fuck!
Garnik. get him.
Garnik. don't let him leave.
Where the fuck...
-Vanya. wait. Give me one
fucking minute. -Stop. stop.
Where are you going?
No. We have no time.
I have to get dressed. Ivan.
-I have no fucking pants on.
-Oh. God.
Okay. bye.
-Did he say bye?
-What the fuck?
-Are you fucking kidding me?
-Did he say bye?
-Ivan!
-Oh. my fucking God!
-Garnik!
-Ivan. what the fuck?!
Whoa. Uh...
Get the fuck out of my way.
Ivan!
Get the fuck out of
my fucking way. motherfucker.
-But you...
-Do not fucking touch me!
No. No. no. no.
Ivan! Ivan!
-...fucking touch me!
-Relax. Relax.
-It's okay.
-You fucking relax.
What is happening?
Somebody talk to me. please!
-Don't you touch me.
motherfucker! -No. just...
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
-Relax. Whoa.
-Motherfucker!
Everything all right?
What?
-Okay...
-Stay the fuck back!
No. no. What?
No. no. no. no. no!
Put it. It's-it's bad way.
-Wha... Just sit.
-I fucking dare you.
Take another fucking step.
motherfucker.
No. Just... I don't...
I don't touch you.
No. no. no. no. no. no!
Don't leave.
It's okay.
Uh. just put it... Whoa!
Stop.
Please stop.
Stop. please.
No. no. Stop.
Stop. Stop. please.
Garnik. what are you doing?
Are you killing her?
-Stop it!
-Fuck!
Ivan throwing another one
of his tantrums. huh?
Hold on. It's okay.
You're not tying me up.
motherfucker!
Get the fuck off me!
You are fucking insane.
Hey. Hey!
Help me! He's attacking me.
What the fuck
are you doing to her. bro?
Get the fuck off me!
Somebody help!
Get him off me!
Help me!
Why are you just
fucking standing there?
No. no. no. no! Please. please.
please. please don't.
Let me go. you fucking asshole.
Goddamn fucking bastard.
Okay.
-You crazy motherfucker!
-Hey.
You better stay the fuck
away from me!
Stop. stop. Listen.
You are not going anywhere.
Come back. Please come...
Hey. stop.
Get the fuck off me!
Put me down. motherfucker!
Fucker!
You motherfucker! Fuck!
Fucking motherfucker.
You fucking asshole.
No. no. Don't. don't.
No. no. don't. I don't...
I don't even know
what is going on here.
I didn't do anything.
Don't tie me.
I'm not gonna run. I promise.
I'm calm.
I'm not gonna do anything.
I'm not gonna run away.
You do not need to tie me.
No. you-you motherfucker.
You don't need to tie me.
-Calm down. Listen. listen.
-I am calm. I am calm.
Ivan's father wants
this marriage annulled.
You're staying here
and getting this annulled.
You heard my boss.
Fuck your boss.
I just want to know
what is going on.
Someone fucking tell me
what's going on.
I'm not gonna run. Let me go.
Yeah. I'm glad I broke
your fucking nose!
You fucking bitch.
you broke my nose!
Yeah? Next time. I'll kick you
in the fucking balls!
God. let me go!
Garnik.
you fucking idiot. talk to me!
Fucking untie me. motherfucker!
Hello? Garnik?
You fucking piece of shit.
Fucking psycho.
Fucking untie me.
I am not fighting.
Untie me.
I'm not gonna run.
Just fucking untie me.
No.
Don't let her go.
Oh. you are so fucked.
You're going to prison.
Where's your ice?
I can't wait until Ivan sees
what you did to me.
Rich people don't have ice?
Ivan did just leave the house.
He did not leave.
He is going to get help.
I-I don't think so.
Garnik!
You fucking asshole.
Yeah. I bet you like this. huh?
Yeah. you like this.
you sick fuck?
I bet you get off on this.
Fucking psycho.
Tor. where are you?
Open the gate.
Okay. sir. but Ivan just...
Open the fucking gate!
I am not fighting. Let me go.
No.
You are not going anywhere.
You two are fucking dead
for this!
I am Ivan's fucking wife!
Vanya?
Oh. are you the Armenian
fuck I was talking to?
What the fuck is happening?
Is this the big fucking boss?
What happened here?
-She happened.
Hey. mister.
Can you fucking tell this guy
to untie me?
-What?
-Yeah. she did this.
-Hello.
-Where is Ivan?
Ivan run away.
-Why the fuck is no one an...
-Run away?
Excuse me. sir. Hello.
-You didn't stop him?
-I-I tried.
but then. uh. there was. uh.
ice on the floor.
-I tried to stop him.
-Hello!
-You tried?
-Somebody fucking listen to me.
-You tried? You don't try.
You just grab the guy.
What do you mean you tried?
-What do you mean? I'm not a...
-So he's gone?
I'm not allowed to touch
that motherfucker.
-Excuse me! Hello!
-Shut the fuck up!
No. you fucking let me go.
Tell this guy
to fucking let me go.
Are you the boss?
You're the fucking boss?
Tell him to fucking let me go.
Fucking... Excuse me.
Fucking motherfuckers.
-Please leave your message...
-He doesn't answer.
Hey. fuck face.
Can you tell this motherfucker
to let me go?
Why is she on top of you. man?
Wh-Wh-What's going on?
I don't know what's going on.
Can you please tell him
to untie me?
Put-put her down. please.
-No. don't do that.
-Yes. fucking put me down.
No. don't do that.
Tell him to fucking
put me down. please.
Put her down.
-Why you holding her like that?
-Ow.
-No. no. no. Be careful. bro.
-Fuck. Fuck!
-Be careful.
-Why...
Hey. now can you tell him
to fucking untie me?
Why did you... Why...
Why did you tie her hands?
-Untie me.
-Look.
What. you afraid
of this little girl?
Can you tell him
to fucking untie me?
She's an animal.
She's a fucking
little girl! So. she...
-She beat you both up?
-She's not fighting like one.
-I'm gonna get my phone.
-Can you untie her?
If you untie her.
I'm just leaving. bro.
This is ridiculous. man.
Untie her.
-It's embarrassing.
-She will start swinging again.
Don't do that.
-Fuck you.
-She's an animal. bro.
-Trust me.
-No. these guys are
-fucking liars.
-Okay. listen to me.
Where is your phone? Can you
please give me your phone?
My phone is in the other room.
I will go get my phone
if you untie me.
-I need you to untie me.
-Where?
Which other room?
Over there? Can-can you...
No. I will get my phone.
I'll get my phone.
-and I'll call Vanya.
-I will untie you.
-Give me a minute.
-No! No. don't do that!
I just need your phone
to call Ivan.
I know. and...
I will get my phone.
Let's just calm down
for one second.
-Careful.
-Calm down for a second.
-Just calm down.
-I am calm.
-I'm not fucking moving.
-And listen to me.
Okay. look.
we have an emergency here.
It's very important.
Okay. I need you to cooperate.
I'm begging you.
Your guys came in here.
They chased Ivan out
of the fucking house.
They fucking tied me.
They attacked me.
That motherfucker was making me
sit on his fucking lap.
Your guys are fucking crazy.
I-I'm terribly sorry
it went down that way. okay?
I'm terribly sorry.
But now we have to just
call him. okay?
Here. Help me. please.
He's-he's on your phone?
Yeah. it's under "husband."
Okay. Yep.
"Husband."
Here we go.
Please leave your message...
It goes to voicemail.
That's a fucking great
husband you have.
First ditches you.
now doesn't answer your calls.
Real marriage my ass. man.
I don't know what kind of...
fucked-up family shit
is going on here.
but Ivan and I
are married. okay?
This is a real marriage.
and I'm not getting a divorce.
This is not a real marriage.
This is a real marriage.
Okay. and we're
getting it annulled.
and you have no say in it.
Well. I'm his fucking wife.
so I do think
I have a say in it.
Absolutely not.
Listen to what I'm telling you.
You got married illegally.
it's a fraud marriage.
and we're
-getting it annulled A.S.A.P.
-A fraud marriage?
No. we are two consenting
adults who got married legally.
and there is nothing
you can fucking do about it.
No. this is Ivan
just fooling around!
-Would you get over it?
-No. it's not.
-You have no fucking idea.
-Oh. yeah?
When'd you guys meet. huh?
-When did you meet him?
-Strip club.
I am telling you.
you do not know this guy.
I do know him.
You do not know this guy.
I'm telling you.
-Oh. I know my husband. I do.
-No. you don't.
It's classic Ivan.
I've been dealing with his shit
since he was...
-he was six years old.
-Classic Ivan.
And now his parents
are gonna kill me.
and my fucking family
will never talk to me again.
I love my husband. and I plan
on being with him forever.
No. don't give me
that bullshit.
Do not give me that bullshit.
You don't love him.
You do not love him.
and he doesn't love you.
You understand?
That's in your head.
I can't wait to have
Ivan's children.
In fact. I think
I'm probably already pregnant.
I-I certainly hope
you're lying.
'cause we're gonna have to
take care of that. too.
-I promise you that.
-Oh. the-the fuck you will.
-Yes. we will.
-And I would like all of you
to fucking untie me
and leave my home.
-or I will be pressing charges.
-Your home?!
-Yeah. my home.
-This isn't Ivan's home.
This is his father's house.
Everything Ivan has
belongs to his father.
You understand?
Ivan has nothing.
You know that bedroom
you've been fucking in?
That's his parents' room.
Do you know
where is Ivan's room?
It's down the hall with fucking
spaceships on the walls.
Do you know why?
-Do you know why?
-Fucking tell me why.
You're already gonna
tell me. so...
Because he's a fucking child.
That's why.
Fucking kid.
You don't understand--
he's shamed his family
by marrying somebody like you.
If you think for a second
this is gonna be allowed.
you're dead wrong.
In fact. if-if you don't
help me fix this.
I'm gonna have you arrested.
Yeah.
-I'm gonna have you arrested.
-Arrested?
Yeah.
-That's fucking hilarious.
-Yep.
-Arrested for what?
-For what?
-Yeah.
-I'll tell you for what.
-Trespassing.
-"Trespassing."
Fraud. cheating.
-Theft.
-Theft?
-Yes. theft.
-Assault.
And I... actually. the picture
is very. very clear here.
A scheming prostitute
married Ivan. cheated...
cheated Ivan to marry her
so she can steal
from his wealthy family.
-That's it.
-Mm-hmm. Definitely.
And I'm sure you already
have criminal record. so...
For sure happened.
Yeah. One. two. three.
you're in jail.
-Easy.
-Yep.
Ivan proposed to me.
He wanted to get married.
He put a fucking ring
on my finger.
-Do you see this shit?
-What ring?
He bought me
a fucking four-carat ring.
Does this look real to you.
motherfucker?
Bet you've never seen one
of these before. have you. huh?
No. No.
This is my fucking ring
Ivan gave me.
Give me that fucking ring.
I am not giving you
the fucking ring.
You touch me. and I will
fucking scream. motherfucker.
Do not come for me.
Get that fucking ring
off of her.
-Be careful.
-Hold the legs.
This is Zakharov's property.
-Fuck you! Fuck you!
-Shut up. Shut up.
Rape!
Hey. hey. don't scream.
Hey. what-what is she saying?
-Rape! Rape!
-Shut up. Shut the fuck up.
Is she saying. "Rape"?
Is she...
What? What? Shut up!
-Ouch!
-Don't go near to her.
Shut the fuck up.
Stop screaming.
Please stop screaming.
Please stop screaming!
You get us
in front of that judge
first thing in the morning.
or the family cuts ties
with your firm.
Simple as that.
No. no... no trying.
Everything will be okay.
Yeah.
You calm now?
You gonna behave?
Trust me. I know.
I know what you're thinking.
You're thinking
this little shit betrayed you.
Well. guess what.
he betrayed me. too. okay?
Me. too.
You see?
He betrayed all of us.
'Cause he's a spoiled brat
that doesn't want to grow up.
Big-time.
And now we're in this mess
that we have to...
we have to fix it together.
You understand?
But I'm gonna help you.
Okay? I'm gonna help you.
The way I see it. this is
a green card marriage.
Therefore. Ivan owes you
a green card marriage fee.
It's only fair.
So. once this thing
is annulled.
I'm gonna make sure you get
$10.000 fee in cash.
Hmm?
I'm gonna bring this down.
but no screaming. okay?
If you scream.
this goes right back in.
You understand?
Ten K.
It's as good as you're
gonna get here. honey.
What do you say?
I want to talk to Ivan
before agreeing to any of this.
Sure. Of course.
We all want to talk to Ivan.
We want the same thing.
Okay. so let's
fucking find Ivan.
All right. but look at me.
Look at me.
Once we find Ivan--
which we will--
and we get this thing
annulled-- which we will--
you're gonna walk away
with ten K fee
and never. ever
contact Ivan again.
Is that understood?
Fine.
Untie her.
Excuse me.
I have to get dressed.
Can I have some privacy.
please?
Anora Mikheeva?
Ani. It's Ani.
It says Anora.
I know. but I go by Ani.
-Thank you.
-Okay. get in.
Wait. why is... why is he
getting back here?
I'm not sitting next
to this fucking psychopath.
You are the fucking psychopath.
Yes. get in the front.
I don't want to fucking
sit next to you.
I'm not getting back there
with you.
Un-fucking-believable.
So you're saying
he's gonna be there?
I have no fucking idea.
He better be.
Okay. let's go!
I need to go to the hospital...
No. you're okay.
Don't worry about it.
No. I'm not. bro.
I feel like I have
a concussion or something.
-I'm sorry for what...
-Let's go!
Let's go! Let's go!
...was happening back there.
I don't want your dude
talking to me. okay?
My head is pounding. bro.
You can't even...
Shut it. Garnik!
Oh. my God. we're gonna
get into a fucking car accident
with you driving like that.
-Are you suicidal or something?
-Just shut the fuck up.
You almost hit
that fucking old lady.
What do you know about driving?
-What do you know?
-You shut the fuck up.
You've been bitching
and moaning
this entire fucking car ride
about a little fucking scratch
on your face.
You're the biggest
fucking pussy I ever met.
What the fuck?
Okay. let's go.
It doesn't matter.
-Let's go.
A little bit faster.
Hurry up.
-Hey. Crystal.
-Hey. Ani.
Hey. have you seen Vanya today?
-No. why? Is everything okay?
-No?
Uh. yeah. everything's fine.
Could you give him
a call for me. please?
Okay. What's going on?
I just need you to call him.
Can you do me a favor
and call him?
-Um...
-Don't ask too many questions.
Just pick up your phone
and call him.
Okay. Tom?
-Tom. Ani's here...
-Miss?
-Hey. Tom.
-What's up. Ani?
Have you seen Vanya today?
I have not. No.
Okay. um. has he. like.
texted or called you at all?
No. not at all. No.
Okay. could you just
call him right now for me?
-Wait. Who are these dudes?
-My friend. can you...
It's-it's fine. I just...
-Can you call Ivan. please?
-Is everything okay?
-Wait. what's going on?
-Everything is fine.
-Why would I call Ivan?
Just pick up your phone
and call him.
I'm not gonna call him.
Who are you?
Doesn't matter who I am.
I just need you to call him.
It does matter.
I'm not gonna give you
-my fucking phone to call Ivan.
-Listen.
Ivan is in a lot of trouble.
We need to find him.
Hey. hey. one of you better get
Ivan on the line now.
"On... on the line"?
-"On the line"?
-What the fuck is funny?
-Who the fuck are these guys?
-What the fuck is funny. man?
I'm telling you to call Ivan.
What's wrong with that?
Don't complicate your life.
Man. I'm gonna come back there
-and just gonna fucking...
-I'll complicate
your fucking life.
you motherfucker.
-Why?
-That's not a good idea.
-Get the fuck out of here.
-That is not a good idea.
-Tom.
-I told you it's
a fucking bad idea. -Tom.
So pick up your phone
and call him now.
-Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
-Tom.
Fuck off.
-What the fuck?
-Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck...
Tell him to
fucking stop! What the fuck?
-Oh. no.
-Fucking call Ivan now!
-What the fuck. man?
-Okay. okay.
-Jesus. fuck!
-That's crazy.
-Oh. fuck.
-I am so fucked.
Put it on speaker.
I am so fucked.
Please leave your message...
-Where's your phone?
-Hold on. man.
Just don't break anything.
all right?
-Call him.
-What the fuck?
-Put it on speaker.
-There you go. There you go.
Just don't break anything. man.
He's not gonna answer the
phone. He's not gonna answer.
-I know. I know it.
-Please leave your message...
He's not gonna fucking answer.
Where's his other friend?
Is he with Aleks?
Aleks is working right now.
-He can't be with Aleks.
-Where is he working?
Tatiana's.
-Fuck.
-Let's go.
No. Oh. no.
What the hell?
-Jesus fucking Christ.
-Where are you going?
-To the car.
-It's five-minute walk.
No. no. no.
I'm not walking down there.
-Let's drive up there.
-It's fucking freezing.
No. I'm not gonna look
for other parking.
-Come on. let's go.
-Why don't we drive?
It's right here. Walk.
Chop-chop. Move.
That took way fucking
longer than five minutes.
Hey.
Table for four?
Aleks?
-Let's go.
-No. wait. Hold on.
-You guys cannot go in there.
-No. you're good. You're good.
-Oh. my God. Aleks.
-Ani!
-Have you seen Vanya?
-No. What's going on?
We're looking for Vanya.
It's a family emergency.
-Have you seen Ivan?
-What the fuck is going on?
-No.
You're good. No. you're good.
You're good. Don't worry.
Don't worry about it.
-Can you call him. please?
-I haven't seen him.
-Call him? Really?
-Yes. just call him.
Yes. please call him. Call him.
Are you an actress?
I saw you somewhere?
-Huh?
-I'm not an actress. no.
No? You look good.
Give me your phone one second.
One second.
We can't find Vanya anywhere.
Have you talked to him today?
No. I haven't saw him.
He's probably at home.
No. he's not at home.
and Tom and Crystal
haven't seen him. either.
Can I have
my phone back. please?
Thank you.
-I need Ivan's photo.
-Okay.
You got to have your husband's
photo on your phone.
No. I am not
giving you my phone.
I need your phone
for one second.
-I just need your phone...
-I... No. and you know what?
If you touch me again.
I will fucking scream.
Shh. shh. Stop. Stop.
I don't have Instagram.
I'm an adult. man.
What are you talking about?
You're going to cost me
my job here. Please.
-Guys.
-Oh. okay.
-Ani. what's-what's going on?
-We're looking for...
We're looking for Vanya.
We don't know where he is.
But it's like.
this nigga's fucking insane.
Okay. thank you. Where...
Where are you going?
You think that
he would be with Dasha?
Not unless
he's in Bahamas with her
and her new fuck boy.
Stop the music one second.
Stop the music.
You'll get cold
if you don't cover your neck.
Why did you bring that?
Why the fuck
did you bring that?
Why? So you could
fucking gag me again?
Motherfucker.
Fuck it. Give me the scarf.
No! No! No!
Hey! Hey! This is my car!
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
-No. no. no.
-Man. it's already attached.
-Please.
-It's already attached.
I got to take it.
I got to take it in.
-Don't take my car.
-Don't do that.
This is my car.
Hey. listen to me.
Hey! It's your fault!
You were parked in the middle
of the fucking street. okay?
My friend. I was just parking!
There is no sign.
-I'll give you money. How much?
-Listen to me.
-100. 200. 300? Tell me.
-Listen. down in the yard.
-you're gonna talk to people.
-Take the money.
-Okay? You're gonna talk...
Fuck you. then. Fuck you.
-What do you mean. fuck me?
-Fuck you.
What the...
I don't give a shit.
-Hey.
-Get the fuck out of my way.
You get out the fucking car!
You fucking asked for this.
I've been on the job
two fucking weeks. bro!
What the fuck are you...
Are you fucking kidding?
Fucking kidding me!
-Oh. my fucking God.
-Jesus Christ!
Are you fucking...
It's all because of you.
-Fuck you!
-Get in the car!
-Come on! Come on!
-You are so fucked.
I have your license plate.
If you get in that car.
you're all fucked.
No. no. no. no. no!
What the fuck are you doing?
Fuck you. Russians!
God. Jesus Christ.
You guys are fucking crazy.
We're going to find this fucker
even if it takes
all fucking night.
Come on. give me
something. Like. something.
-Some... Where would you...
-I don't know.
-Think. Think. Where?
He... Gaming.
He likes video games.
Maybe he'll be at an arcade
or something. I don't know.
Oh! Billiard hall.
There-there is
the billiard hall.
Remember five years ago we...
you-you were teaching him
how to play billiard?
We played here.
right here around the corner.
-You remember?
-Five years ago?
I remember.
Come. come.
One second. my friend.
Look at this picture.
Have you seen this guy?
Ivan. Ivan.
-Is that Vanya?
-Yeah.
Have you seen him today?
-No. not today.
-No.
He does the greatest
parties. though.
Yeah. he's really cool.
Please leave your message...
Guys. have you seen this guy?
He's-he's been missing.
You sure?
Guys. have you seen
this... this guy today?
No.
Think. think. think. think.
And can you keep
calling him. please?
-Oh. my God.
-Oh. you got to be
-fucking kidding me!
-Jesus fucking Christ.
You understand that my wife
has to drive this car tomorrow?
Do you?
How am I gonna get rid
of this smell? Huh?
Yeah. I'm not getting back
in there.
Mm-mm.
It still fucking stinks
in here.
Fuck. I know. Shit!
Which clubs did you go
with him?
-I don't know. We went to...
-Huh?
I don't know.
We went to a lot of 'em.
Take me to every single one.
Hey. have you seen
this guy today?
Yeah. we cut him off.
He was wasted.
When?
Like 20 minutes ago.
He just left.
Have you guys seen
this guy today?
No?
-Okay. bye.
-No. wait. But you know him.
I told him my apologies.
You can tell him one more time.
I'm gonna definitely
make them up to you.
Or up to them. or up to you.
Wh-What can I do?
Wh-What do you want me to do?
He's fine.
Is it a real mink?
No.
Oh.
It looks like real mink.
Of course I do. Why you...
Yeah. it's fucking real.
but it's not mink.
It's fucking Russian sable.
okay?
Which is worth
a lot more than mink.
No. don't-don't ta...
don't talk about that baby.
Guys. have you seen
this guy today?
Your I.D.. please.
Uh. "bender."
It-it's a bender. Yeah.
I'm so fucked.
So fucked!
You know. he fucked me
much harder than he fucked you.
-Oh. yeah?
-Hundred percent.
Trust me.
If we haven't found him by now.
we are not finding him.
Did I ask you? Did I ask you?
Keep your opinion to yourself.
Ani's fucking
billionaire husband
just strolled in.
and he's looking for action.
And I'm gonna give him some.
Vanya?
Vanya.
You know. it's so sad.
That marriage must really be
in the toilet already.
Vanya's here?
'Scuse!
-Have you seen this guy today?
-No.
How about you. sir?
I want what he had.
I want one of those.
Did you fucking hear me?
I said. "I want one of those."
No.
No?
What the fuck? Why?
'Cause I don't deal drugs.
A fucking gopnik who can afford
to live in Brightwater
and doesn't deal drugs?
Yeah. right.
It's my grandmother's apartment
and her drugs.
I don't have any more.
and I'm not gopnik.
Yeah. you're right.
You're a faggot-ass bitch.
is what you are.
Hey. guys. have you seen
this guy today?
No.
Yep. what he said.
And why am I faggot-ass bitch?
I don't know.
They say you're
just born that way.
You know what. I'm so
sick of your generation. man.
I mean. look at you.
No respect for elder.
no respect for authority.
no goals.
I mean. the only goal you have
just to buy
pair of cool sneakers.
That's all.
I mean. honestly. Come on.
What the fuck
is wrong with you? Huh?
No work ethics.
Lazy. stupid.
I don't understand.
I've been working
since I'm 16 years old.
What is wrong with you?
All you do is TikTok.
Instagram. TikTok. Instagram.
That's it.
He's at HQ!
What?
Fucking Headquarters!
Hey. Hello.
-What's the address?
-West 38th Street.
Whoo!
I fucking love that place.
You mean fucking Manhattan?
Yeah. it's in
fucking Manhattan.
Oh. my fucking God.
-Hurry up!
-Oh. I need cash.
-Toros! -That's
45 minutes away. Hurry up.
Beautiful.
You're Vanya. right?
Yeah. that's me.
Anora. Anora!
It's not Anora. It's Ani.
Tell your friend to hold him
there at any cost.
Even if they have to
physically hold him.
Like. grab him really.
-More? More?
-More. more.
Because you have the best skin
that I ever touch.
-I love you. I love you.
-How do you say...
In Russian?
Don't have a heart attack.
but Vanya's upstairs
in a private with Diamond.
Ani. who the hell
are these guys?
Vanya?
Where is...
He's in one of these rooms?
Yeah.
Shit. Sorry.
-Sorry. Sorry. Daisy.
-Hey. Ani.
Vanya? Oh. shit.
Carla. have you seen Diamond?
I think she's in the pole room.
Hey. what's going...
-What's pole room?
-Fucking pole room.
-Vanya?
-Oh. what the fuck?
Oh. get the fuck off
my fucking husband.
You fucking mad?
Yeah. I am about to be
fucking mad. bitch.
-Skip out. ho.
-Let's go!
-Oh. you want to fucking go?
-You fucking bitch.
Yeah. come get some. bitch.
Nice to see you guys.
Vanya. we've been
fucking looking for you.
I've been texting.
I've been fucking calling you.
Why haven't you answered
any of my fucking calls?
You little son of a bitch.
Why'd you fucking
leave me. Vanya?
I tried to run after you.
These guys. they fucking
tied my wrists up.
-They took my ring.
-For what. bro?
They fucking assaulted me.
Vanya.
Okay. get up. Let's go.
You can talk in the car.
-Get up.
-No. I fucking found him.
so I get to fucking
talk to him.
Okay? That was the deal.
Vanya. our hour's not over.
Oh. get her the fuck
out of here!
Oh. get the fuck out
of my private. bitch!
-Vanya. look at me.
-I am looking at you.
I'm coming back. bitch.
Fuck you. Diamond.
This is very important.
Vanya. look at me.
Just listen to me. baby.
listen.
These guys. they want us
to get a divorce. okay?
It's not divorce.
-I told you hundred times.
-Back off. Let me...
It's annulment. Annulment.
-Ah.
-Vanya. tell them
that we're not gonna
get a divorce. okay?
Tell them that
this is a mistake.
Baby. this is very important.
-Listen to me here.
-No. no. no. We...
Your parents
are coming at 12:00.
I helped you find him.
so let me fucking talk to him.
Vanya. just look at me. okay?
Fucking ignore them.
It doesn't fucking matter
about her.
It doesn't matter about
anything. okay? Just...
I need you to tell them...
Vanya. this is not funny.
I know. It's not.
Vanya. look at me. baby.
-Let's stay married. okay?
-Yeah.
You know these guys?
Yeah. I love them. I love them.
Jesus. Vanya.
We have to talk
about this. okay?
This is very.
very important. all right?
I don't want to talk
about it right now.
Okay. but just-just...
Look what he...
No. no. no. Vanya.
we can't drink right now.
You need to tell them...
Guys. he's fucking drunk.
We can't talk right... No.
We're not fucking done talking.
-I wanted to talk to him.
-Come on.
Vanya. Vanya.
Vanya. Vanya. we have to keep
talking about this.
Vanya!
Do not fucking touch me! Jesus.
Vanya. we're not...
we have to keep talking.
They're trying to bring us
to get a divorce. We can't...
Do not fucking...
Get the fuck out
of my fucking face.
Jimmy. Ani's here with
three guys causing a scene.
Russian Ani?
I fucking told you.
Get the fuck out
of my fucking face.
Didn't I? Two weeks.
On the fucking nose!
Wrong one. bitch.
Guys. there's a fucking fight!
-No way!
-Oh. shit!
Oh. my God. I love it.
I don't recommend that.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Yo. yo. yo.
Break it up. break it up.
Take it outside.
Take that shit outside.
There's no fighting at HQ.
Okay. calm down.
-Whoa. -Man.
get the fuck out of here! No.
Get the fuck out of here.
Get back.
You told me Ani's
one of our girls.
-Go. Go.
-In the car.
Fucking found you!
We found you!
I can't believe you went
running like a fucking baby.
But it's okay.
Your parents are coming.
You're gone.
You're gone. finally.
-Fucking gone.
-Vanya. Vanya.
Do you know
what's happening right now?
Do you fucking know what's
going on right now. Vanya?
-Mm-hmm.
-Get off me. man.
He's fucking wasted. He-he...
I need to talk to him
when he's fucking sober.
-I can't talk to him like this.
-Talking is done.
Talking is not done.
Of course he's gonna do
anything you say.
-He's fucking plastered.
-Talking is done.
Now we're gonna get
this thing done in three hours.
-No. this wasn't
the fucking deal. -Yes. it was.
Oh. slow down.
I'm gonna get sick.
We're gonna get
this thing done.
You're gonna get
your fucking money.
and you're gonna walk away--
that's it.
That was the deal.
Fuck.
What? You know. you must...
You must really hate me. man.
I mean. seriously.
And after all
I've done for you.
You know. everything.
I mean. I bailed you out
how many times?
Huh? How many times?
And you do this to me?
You know. it-it makes me upset.
You know. it's...
You know how...
how embarrassing
that is for me?
Huh?
Are you even listening
to what I'm saying?
He's passed out. abed.
Now we wait.
Okay. He's here. Hey.
Wake up. Wake up.
He's here. Let's go.
Vanya.
I want to stay in the car.
Vanya. Vanya. look at me.
We need to talk
before you go in there. okay?
Vanya?
Vanya. Vanya.
don't say anything
when you go in there. okay?
Vanya.
Vanya. I'm gonna
handle this. okay.
-I got it.
-Handle what?
-Don't talk to him.
-None of your fucking business.
-Let's go.
-Hello. everyone.
-How are you. sir?
-Toros.
Stop it. stop it. stop it.
Whoa. whoa.
Is he all right there?
Does he fucking look
all right to you?
-He is okay.
-He is not fucking all right.
-He can barely stand.
-How are you?
Fine. thanks.
Uh. the judge
is being very kind.
and he bumped us up.
-Good.
-Hello. Ivan.
He's a little bit tired.
-It's okay.
-I see.
Tired?
And this is the...
The lucky lady.
-Okay. And who is this?
-Him we're gonna need.
Okay. I don't know
what that means.
and I don't want to know.
Let's go.
Get your I.D.'s ready.
Toros. please. Come on. man.
I'm not gonna risk my license
because you can't...
You want to keep working
for Zakharov family or not?
Oh.
Mr. Sharnov.
-Consider yourself
very fortunate. -Your Honor.
We have a light calendar today.
so. um.
what's your urgent matter?
Your Honor. we are here
to file a complaint
and request for
an immediate annulment
of a union that took place
under duress.
Ivan Zakharov
and Anora Mikheeva married...
Duress. my fucking ass.
-Okay.
-Whoa!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Your Honor.
but this is bullshit.
-It's bullshit.
-Your Honor. I...
-These men are trying to...
-You got to stop.
You can't...
you can't talk this way.
Okay. I'm sorry.
They're trying...
Do not fucking touch me.
Who's this man
in the camel coat?
Security. please get
this man away from me.
Who are you. sir?
Mr. Sharnov. is he with you?
-Get... Get him away from me.
-Come on. come on.
-Officer. take him...
Your Honor. I apologize.
Thank you. Officer.
I appreciate it.
-Okay. have a seat.
Have a seat. -I'm sorry.
And thank you. Your Honor.
-I really appreciate it.
-You're welcome.
You're welcome. Keep that tone.
-Okay.
-You're welcome.
Your Honor. clearly.
my husband is intoxicated
right now.
He is in no place
to be making any decisions.
Uh. Your Honor. objection.
She shouldn't be talking.
Don't listen to her. please.
-Camel coat. sit down.
Down. -My stomach.
He is clearly
intoxicated. Your Honor.
-Why is she talking?
-Your Honor. I apologize.
Your Honor.
what I have been trying
to explain to you--
we got married legally.
Objection. Your Honor.
They're not legally married.
-and she shouldn't be talking.
-Sir. Sir.
-I shouldn't be talking?
-Camel man. sit down.
-My apologies.
-Your Honor. I-I apologize.
My client doesn't know
what she's saying. I'm sorry.
And they are trying to
force us to get an annulment...
-I-I am intoxicated.
-Sit quietly or begone.
We got legally married at
-a legitimate marriage place...
-Please.
-...in Las Vegas. Nevada.
-Miss. please keep it down.
-Keep it down.
-It is real.
We have a marriage certificate.
Mr. Sharnov. take charge now.
We're not gonna be signing...
They got married in Nevada?
So what?
-Mr. Sharnov.
-What?
Thank you for listening.
Your Honor.
Mr. Sharnov.
-Last time.
-Do you see what
-I've been dealing with?
-Are you fucking kidding me?
Folks. get out.
Okay. that's it.
-No. no. no. no. no. no.
no. no. -Have a seat.
-Have a seat.
-No. no. no.
Officer. get him off the table
before he throws up.
-I need... I need...
-Fuck!
-Come on.
-Get him off the table.
-Get him out.
-Fuck!
Everyone out of the court.
Come on.
Clear the court. Officer.
-Time to go.
-Let's go. Let's go.
-Let's go. -Officer.
clear the court. please.
Why did you go to Vegas?
Why not here in New York?
Guys. you don't have to
fucking drag him around.
Why not here in New York?
Can you explain to me?
We got fucking married in Vegas
because that's where
he proposed to me.
So now we're gonna
go see your parents.
-Vanya.
-You're gonna explain to them
that you went to Vegas
without my permission.
No. we're not fucking
going anywhere.
-You understand? Because it
wasn't my fault. -Vanya.
-You. too. -Oh. no. I am not
going fucking anywhere.
You're gonna have to tell them
that you-you took him to Vegas
-without my permission.
-I am not going... No. no.
-No. no. no. I...
-This is not my fault.
-No. we are... We are so...
-Get in the car.
-Get in the car. -I'm not
getting in the fucking car.
'cause we're fucking done here.
And I want my fucking ring now.
motherfucker.
-Vanya. you don't have to...
-What's going on?
Vanya. get out
of the car. okay?
You do not have to listen
to these people.
Okay? You don't have to
listen to them because
you're an adult. Vanya.
You're an adult. okay?
Let's go.
Okay.
Okay. All right.
We'll talk
to your parents. okay?
We're gonna talk
to your parents.
and they're gonna understand
because they love you.
They love you. and they're
gonna understand. okay?
Vanya. okay? Right?
-They're gonna understand.
right? -Get in the car.
Get in the car.
Right. Vanya?
Right?
Get in the car.
I want him clean
and presentable in ten minutes.
And. you. behave.
Vanya.
Okay.
Showtime.
Vanya. Vanya.
Ivan is not your husband.
and you are not part
of this family.
And your Russian is
embarrassing.
Uh. ma'am?
Ma'am?
Yes?
Vanya and I. we are in love.
and we would like you
to accept that.
Vanya is not in love with you.
Understand?
And we will not
accept it. okay?
Galina.
Fuck.
You are all idiots.
Vanya. we cannot get
on the fucking plane right now.
Toros. we will discuss
your future in our company.
Vanya. why are you listening
to your fucking parents?
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
Vanya. we have to talk
right fucking now. okay?
Vanya. we have to fucking talk.
No. no. no. no.
Go back to the plane.
Vanya. fucking look at me.
Vanya.
Vanya. be a fucking man
and talk to me!
What do you want me to say?
Can you understand
that now we must go
in the fucking plane
and fly to fucking Vegas?
Get it?
You get it?
So we're getting a divorce?
You...
Of course! Are you stupid?
And thank you...
...for making my last trip
to America so fun.
Yeah? You had fun?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Board the plane now.
No.
No. I'm not doing that.
You are getting on this plane.
and you are getting divorced.
Yeah. we're gonna get
a fucking divorce.
but. uh. first.
I'm getting a lawyer.
Then I'm gonna sue Ivan
and you.
and I'm gonna walk away
with fucking half
because I didn't sign a prenup.
Do that.
and you'll lose everything.
Any money you may have--
although I doubt
you have much--
will be gone.
Do you have a house?
Do you have a car?
All gone.
Your life and the lives
of your family and friends.
everything will be destroyed.
Ah.
I understand...
and forgive you what you did.
Great.
I'm so grateful
for your forgiveness.
I'm fucking glad
to be divorcing your sorry ass.
You are fucking pathetic. man.
Are you seriously?
You're a pathetic motherfucker.
Fucking pathetic.
-Blyat. no.
-See?
I'm just going to need
some signatures.
If I could just
get that back from...
Actually. if I could just
hang on to all...
-Could I just... Thank you.
-Okay. question.
-Okay. Yes. of course.
-What this mean?
We don't need
to worry about that.
-That's for the judge. so...
-Are you sure?
Um... Very sure.
Okay. so we're just gonna need
some signatures here.
So there you go.
and this one will be for...
Sorry. I'm gonna
mispronounce your name.
-Sign.
-So. Anora Mikheeva.
I just need
your signature as well.
Thank you. Oh. oh.
There you are.
Where the red box is.
Sign. please.
And then--
oh. sorry-- just one more.
Um...
Great.
Oh. Oh. um...
May I have my I.D.?
You can.
All right. Let's go. Come on.
'Cause your son
is a fucking pussy.
What?
What? What?
Did you not hear what I said?
I said it's 'cause your son's
-a fucking pussy.
-That's enough.
And you are
a disgusting hooker.
And your son hates you so much
he married one to piss you off.
That's enough.
Yeah.
Yeah. your family
is fucking trash.
Is this my scarf?
Yeah. you want...
There.
Go get your little scarf.
sweetie.
That's-that's enough. Let's go.
Mm-hmm. Oh. I'm leaving.
-I'm leaving. You know what?
-Okay. Let's go.
Why don't you take
your fucking coat. too.
That's enough. Let's go.
Thank you so much. ma'am.
You're very welcome. Um...
Goodbye. America.
Okay.
It's for you.
-Present.
-Sorry. Oh. gosh.
No. I couldn't.
Thank you so...
Wait. is-is this real?
Take them to
McCarran Airport. domestic.
Igor is gonna take you back.
You can stay
in the house tonight.
but you got to be
out of there in the morning.
And he'll pay you
when the bank opens.
Go.
And thank you.
And it
is starting to stick. as well.
We'll show you a live look
at the roads in a little bit.
but officials that we've talked
with today say they are ready
for whatever Mother Nature
brings the next few days.
We got thousands of
sanitation brothers and sisters
coming in
doing overtime tonight.
If it accumulates.
we'll be clearing
snow and ice from the street.
Every highway.
every bike lane in the city.
We'll be out starting
a midnight shift tonight.
On Long Island.
the salt trucks...
Happy birthday to me.
Hmm?
Was today
your birthday?
January is
National Blood Donor Month...
No.
...is urging people to donate.
Advocates say the winter months
are a crucial time...
Yesterday was my birthday.
The senior vice
president and chief of staff
at New York Blood Center.
Clarissa Heyward...
Yesterday was
your fucking birthday?
I was 30.
Mm.
Happy fucking birthday.
I guess.
Thank you.
I like Anora.
I mean I like Anora
more than Ani.
Okay.
Says the fuck head named Igor.
Fucking Igor.
Stupid name.
No. it's a good name.
It means "varrior."
Warrior.
Yeah?
Igor means "hunchback weirdo."
you fucking piece of shit.
Can you shut the fuck up.
please?
"Toosh."
-"Toosh"?
-"Toosh."
Touché?
Touché. motherfucker?
You know. you really should
try learning English
before attempting French.
Okay. Touché.
Yeah.
And your name is better?
No.
But what does it mean?
In America. we don't care
about that kind of stuff.
We don't give meaning to names.
It's... it's not a thing.
So. it means...
..."pomegranate fruit."
"Light."
Yeah. I'm not interested
in conversation. dude.
And "bright."
It's good that you're not
part of this family.
Did I ask for
your fucking opinion?
-No.
-No. Exactly.
I just tried to support you.
S-Support me?
Dude. you fucking assaulted me.
You... Fucking support?
-You... No. you...
-Oh. What?
No.
I didn't assault you.
You didn't...
You don't call that assault?
-No?
-No.
No. you're right.
It's fucking battery.
as well as kidnapping
and fucking a million
other felonies. I'm sure.
Fuck you. dude.
You fucking pinned me
to the ground.
You tied my fucking hands
behind my back.
You... you fucking gagged me.
Have you seen
the fucking bruises
on my legs and my fucking arms?
You fucking assaulted me.
you psychopath.
First. it's because
you have sensitive skin.
No. it's not.
It's because
you're fucking crazy.
And second.
because you're too crazy.
I mean "crazy. too."
But I can say
you're too crazy. too.
It's not funny. yeah.
Touché.
"Toosh."
But. anyway.
you were not in danger
of injury or harm. right?
You know.
if Garnik wasn't there.
you'd have raped me.
guaranteed.
Raped?
No doubt.
Why... why would I
have raped you?
You have rape eyes.
-Raped eyes?
-Rape eyes.
You heard me.
You sick motherfucker
would've raped me.
Okay. uh. but I didn't want
to raped you.
Oh. yeah?
Why?
What?
What "why?"
Why wouldn't you have raped me?
Because I'm...
not a rapist.
Nope. 'cause you're
a faggot-ass bitch.
Here.
Hey.
Don't tell Toros.
This car is very you.
Do you like it?
No.
It's my grandmother's.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm